.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

Thank you for taking the time to work on a PR for Awesome-Selfhosted!

To ensure your PR is dealt with swiftly please check the following:

- [ ] Your submissions are formatted according to the guidelines. 
        
    ``- [Name](http://homepage/) - Short description, less than 250 characters. ([Demo](http://url.to/demo), [Source Code](http://url.of/source/code)) `License` `Language` ``

- [ ] Your additions are ordered alphabetically.
- [ ] Your additions are [Free software](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_software), or if not they have been added to [non-free](non-free.md) and marked `⊘ Proprietary`.
- [ ] Your additions are not already listed at [awesome-sysadmin](https://github.com/n1trux/awesome-sysadmin) (IT infrastructure management), [staticgen.com](https://www.staticgen.com/) or [staticsitegenerators.net](https://staticsitegenerators.net/) (static site generators).
- [ ] Your additions have their `License` main server-side `Language`/platform/requirement listed.
- [ ] Any licenses you have added are in our [list of licenses](https://github.com/Kickball/awesome-selfhosted/blob/master/README.md#list-of-licenses).
- [ ] You have searched the repository for any relevant [issues](https://github.com/Kickball/awesome-selfhosted/issues) or [PRs](https://github.com/Kickball/awesome-selfhosted/pulls), incluing closed ones.
- [ ] Any category you are creating has the minimum requirement of 3 items. If not, your addition may be inserted into `Misc/Other`.
- [ ] Any software project you are adding to the list is actively maintained.

Commit message:

Add a new 'Clients' link to the entry template, allowing to link to a list of clients, applications or software related to the project
* https://www.icecast.org/apps/
* https://wiki.mumble.info/wiki/3rd_Party_Applications
* https://github.com/osmlab/awesome-openstreetmap

A single link is allowed, so please try to find the best resource available about the subject,
such as an official list or a good quality community-maintained list.

* Ref https://github.com/Kickball/awesome-selfhosted/pull/1373
* add link to external list of clients/apps for icecast
* add link to external list of clients/apps/bots for mumble
* Closes https://github.com/Kickball/awesome-selfhosted/pull/1373
* Closes https://github.com/Kickball/awesome-selfhosted/pull/1359

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

Thank you for taking the time to work on a PR for Awesome-Selfhosted!

To ensure your PR is dealt with swiftly please check the following:

- [ ] Your submissions are formatted according to the guidelines. 
        
    ``- [Name](http://homepage/) - Short description, less than 250 characters. ([Demo](http://url.to/demo), [Source Code](http://url.of/source/code), [Clients](https://url.to/list/of/related/clients-or-apps)) `License` `Language` ``

- [ ] Your additions are ordered alphabetically.
- [ ] Your additions are [Free software](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_software), or if not they have been added to [non-free](non-free.md) and marked `⊘ Proprietary`.
- [ ] Your additions are not already listed at [awesome-sysadmin](https://github.com/n1trux/awesome-sysadmin) (IT infrastructure management), [staticgen.com](https://www.staticgen.com/) or [staticsitegenerators.net](https://staticsitegenerators.net/) (static site generators).
- [ ] Your additions have their `License` main server-side `Language`/platform/requirement listed.
- [ ] Any licenses you have added are in our [list of licenses](https://github.com/Kickball/awesome-selfhosted/blob/master/README.md#list-of-licenses).
- [ ] You have searched the repository for any relevant [issues](https://github.com/Kickball/awesome-selfhosted/issues) or [PRs](https://github.com/Kickball/awesome-selfhosted/pulls), incluing closed ones.
- [ ] If the main link of your addition points to the program's source code, there is no need to add a duplicate _Source Code_ link. The _Demo_ and _Clients_ links are not mandatory.
- [ ] Any category you are creating has the minimum requirement of 3 items. If not, your addition may be inserted into `Misc/Other`.
- [ ] Any software project you are adding to the list is actively maintained.
